docs: added information about which pods will have multus annotations (#8415)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-cluster-crd.md

\* Internal cluster traffic includes OSD heartbeats, data replication, and data recovery

> Only OSD pods will have Public as well as Cluster networks attached. Rest of the Ceph component pods and CSI pods will have Only Public network attached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only OSD pods will have both Public and Cluster networks attached. The rest of the Ceph component pods and CSI pods will only have the Public network attached.
```

> Rook Ceph Operator will not have any networks attached.

Reviewer: Does this mean the operator is not expected to need any networks attached? Then how does the operator connect to the cluster to run ceph commands? I'm just not clear how all the networks are connected.

> Rook Ceph Operator will not have any networks attached as it proxies the required commands via a [sidecar container](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/8272) in the mgr pod.

Reviewer: I'd suggest no need to link the PR
```suggestion
Rook Ceph Operator will not have any networks attached as it proxies the required commands via a sidecar container in the mgr pod.
```

  * This format is required in order to use the NetworkAttachmentDefinition across namespaces.
  * In Openshift, to use a NetworkAttachmentDefinition (NAD) across namespaces, the NAD must be deployed in the `default` namespace. The NAD is then referenced with the namespace: `default/rook-public-nw`

> #### Known issues with multus:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Known issues with multus
```
